DOCSP-38132 Compass Generative AI Generally Available Updates (#620)
mongodb/docs-compass: source/settings/settings-reference.txt

     - Remain logged in when using the :manual:`MONGODB-OIDC </core/security-oidc/>` 
       authentication mechanism. 

>    * - Use Generative AI

Reviewer: [question] "Enable AI features" is listed twice in the table. Is that expected?

Author: This moved to the artificial intelligence tab and should be listed once.

     - Artificial Intelligence
     - Enables :ref:`natural language querying <query-natural-language>` and allows 

>        the use of AI features in Compass which make requests to 3rd party services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       the use of AI features in Compass that make requests to third-party services.
```

Author: This is a verbatium string from the UI, should we leave this as is?

![Screenshot 2024-04-30 at 3 05 17 PM](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-compass/assets/85948430/e40159fd-c686-4230-a38b-993b531148b3)

Reviewer 2: We can update this on the Compass side of things if this reads better, I'm cool with either.

Reviewer: I'm okay with matching the UI :)
